Okay. Finally, we made it to the last function, fetchItem.
The goal of this function is to get details about a specific item on the supply chain.
First, let's create a function called fetchItem.
It takes in the sku number as an argument,
it is public so that means it can be called by anyone.
Since it is only looking at information but not changing anything,
we can also label it as a view function type.
Finally, we want to return all these details about the item.
So, inside the parenthesis,
we can set every done value along with its type.
So, we are returning the name,
the sku, the price,
the state, the seller, and the buyer.
So, also all this information has the type.
So string name, uint sku,
the prices again if uint,
stateis whatever the state is,
again a string, and I'll show you why I'm actually setting in a string right now.
Because as opposed to returning a zero or one,
I actually wanted to return a for sale or sold state.
So, I'm converting it and I'll show you that in just a second,
and then the seller is an address type and buyer again an address type.
Now, inside the function,
we are creating a local uint state variable right there,
and then we can set each of these values by accessing the mapping using the sku number.
Now, enum values can be converted to zero or one and so on, explicitly.
So if you look at this enum value.
So, we're accessing the enum by state,
so we're converting it into a zero or a one, so that is how it is.
So, let me in fact go back and show you how enums are.
So, we probably learned that in our sessions validity.
But if you look at so this value if converts to uint,
will return a zero and this will return a one.
So, if you access, and this is exactly what we're doing right there.
So we're accessing the mapping and then the state,
and then we're converting into uint.
So, either we get a zero or a one.
Now, instead of returning a zero or a one, which could be fine,
I'm actually converting the enum value to uint and then I'm using if blocks.
If the state is zero,
I'm returning a for sale value.
If the state is one, I'm returning a sold value.
So that's what I'm doing right there.
So, I'm saying if the state, which is the uint,
it comes to be zero, it means it's for sale.
Remember, zero means for sale and one means for sold.
So I'm just using simple if blocks,
so I can actually get some clear indication as opposed to just returning zero and one.
Again, if the state comes to one,
I'm going to have a string, which state is.
Remember, this is returning a string,
we're calling it sold. All right.
Finally, again, seller again accessing the mapping.
Sellers, were just getting all of these values and returning them.
Fantastic. Now, we've got everything written out and we're
ready to test out all of our code that we've been working on.